as David also writes quote now consider
again the set of all physically possible
Transformations for almost every such
transformation the story of how it could
happen is the story of how knowledge
might be created and applied to cause it
part of that story is in almost all
cases the story of how people
intelligent beings would create that
knowledge and of why they would retain
the proposal to apply it in that way
while rejecting or amending rival
proposals so a significant determinant
is moral knowledge
hence from The Constructor theoretic
perspective physics is almost entirely
the theory of the effects that knowledge
abstract Constructors can have on the
physical world via people but again the
prevailing conception conceals this end
quote that's the prevailing conception
both of physics and of knowledge of this
entire way of viewing the world and
indeed the prevailing view of morality
for what it's worth